# (Q-03) What is Role of Node Js in react Js?

1. Scalability
The combination of Node and React allows developers to build dynamic, large, data-driven web apps that are responsive across multiple devices. It would help if you had scalability while working on large projects and maintaining your website’s performance.

2. MERN Stack
MERN Stack means MongoDB, Express, React, and Node.js. And no better combo than these frameworks can provide a unique dimension to a website. You can use Node.js with MERN Stack alongside React.js. Hence, you can use the Node and React combination for web app development.

3. JSON APIs
Creating JSON (JavaScript Object Notation) APIs for web development is competent due to the high code reusability and access to immediate code sharing in React.js. And Node.js can effectively allow this.

4. Real-Time Data
If your business app handles real-time data management or aims to build a data streaming app, you should use Node.js as your app requires an ongoing server connection.

5. Fast Development
When using the combination of React and Node for web app development, you can receive a high ROI and save your money and time. After all, these technologies work excellently to offer an effective platform for building rapid functioning and easy-to-maintain websites.

6. SPAs (Single Page Applications)
Does your business require a single-page app with asynchronous data loading? Then, you must select React with Node back-end as it allows building a lightweight back-end model through callback functions.

7. Single Language for Front-end and Back-end
With the combination of Node and React, developers don’t require learning complex back-end languages like Python or Ruby. They can use Node for server-side development and React for front-end code building without switching between frameworks and programming languages. And it saves resources, money, and time.

8. High Server Load
The combination of Node.js and React can balance the high server requests and load when developers work on web app development.

9. Organized Process
The deadly combination of React and Node create an organized web development process. After all, these technologies are scalable, effective, and fast. When working together, they can help you build high-functioning websites.

10. Increased Use of JavaScript
Node with React enables the use of the total strength of JavaScript for building front-end and back-end codes. It gives more freedom and convenience when building websites or web apps, as you can use one language for every aspect.
