# (Q-10) :  How to read and write a file using JavaScript? 
## (1) Write operation on a file
    - After the File System file is imported then, the writeFile() operation is called.
    - The writeFile() method is used to write into the file in JavaScript.

### Syntax
    writeFile(path,inputData,callBackFunction)

### The writeFile() function accepts three parameters −

### Path 
    - The first parameter is the path of the file or the name of the file into which
      the input data is to be written.

    - If there is a file already, then the contents in the file are deleted and 
      the input which is given by the user will get updated or if the file is not present,
      then the file with that will be created in the given path and the input information is written into it.

### inputData 
    - The second parameter is the input data which contains the data to be written
      in the file that is opened.

### callBackFuntion
    - The third parameter is the function which is the call back function which takes
      the error as the parameter and shows the fault if the write operation fails.

## (2) Reading from the file
    - After the File System module is imported, the reading of the file in JavaScript 
      can be done by using the readFile() function.

### Syntax
     readFile(path, format, callBackFunc)

### The readFile() function accepts three parameters including one optional parameter.

### Path
    - The first parameter is the path of the test file from which the contents are to read.
    - If the current location or directory is the same directory where the file which is 
      to be opened and read is located then, only the file name has to be given.

### Format 
    - The second parameter is the optional parameter which is the format of the text file.
    - The format can be ASCII, utf-8 etc.

### CallBackFunc 
    - The third parameter is the call back function which takes the error as the parameter 
      and displays the fault is any raised due to the error.
